[Autogenerated] So what would be an approach to verify that all our micro
services are able to function together while end to end testing is a
common choice for this riff end to end testing.
We'd start with some automated tests,
normally in an independent project which exist separately to our application.
Once he's run.
Rather than interacting directly with Far Micro Services,
they drive interaction with them.
For a you are Your browser is if they're a real user off the whole system.
If you're familiar with browser based testing,
a tour like Cellini, um, could come into play here.
Finally, that browser interacts with the back end system,
which in this case will be all our micro services together,
forming a single software application to emphasize we are
international individual Michael Services.
Here it all we're testing everything together is if
we're a really user off the system.
So at first glance, this approach seems good.
Were testing the whole application,
which intern guarantees all of its integration points of functional?
But the reality is that there are many short comments with
testing Michael Services in this way.
First of all, these tests are very slow.
In fact, it's not uncommon for organizations to end up with end to end test runs.
It takes several hours.
This is, of course, an anti pattern,
because micro services should be quick and easy to test
and release failures for end to end.
Tests are also hard to deep oak.
One of browser based test fails.
It won't give us a stack trace just a message about
something being unexpected in new I.
So to find a real cause,
we need to trace really aggregated locks of many micro services and try
and figure out specifically where something went wrong.
This is particularly problematic when working with asynchronous
values when some finished synchronous the core fouls
immediately wise with asynchronous calls,
it does no.
So we have to figure out how to map together the production and
consumption of messages across many micro services in order to
determine if value cause we're not saving on cost here,
Eva, we need to produce an entire environment in order to run these tests,
meaning that I infrastructure bill will go up is also common to have a
limit on the amount of environments we can have running at once so and
so and test runs can quite often end up in a queue whilst previous ones
have an environment locked.
Running these types of tests is also operationally challenging.
We need to provisioning infrastructure for a whole environment,
deploy all our micro service together in this environment,
setting up any necessary conflict to coordinate the mall.
Guivarc'h I server access to it on lots more.
Running some tests against a single execute herbal
jar would have been a lot simpler.
Flakiness is also a problem here.
Browser based testing or you I testing is just not as
reliable as we'd like it to be.
Quite often failing due to timing issues.
Imagine how much of an issue this convict come when it build is
four hours and fouls it run them each time.
The final issue.
If this approach is that where implementing a micro services anti pattern.
The distributed model.
If what this means is that we're negating many of the
benefits of micro services and are instead testing
everything together as if it's a monolith.
If this is a way to do it,
we could argue that a model if would have been a
better choice in the first place.
As his less network hops to follow on, it's easy to orchestrate. I'm deploy